

KingPhilipIII: Cherkir. For the record. This mode will need some map edits. Like the place should already be covered in resin, the power should be out, maybe leave some gibs about. Etc.

fix the one gamemode bullshit

FINAL SOLUTION to breaching

healing still doesn't heal bones

refine mod bullshit for xenos


VITAL:

disable ert
you can join as IHSO on non IH modes, thisi s bad
fix vents(check)
LARVAE ARE DAMAGE IMMUNE FUCK(check)
fuck all can fit on belts(check)
make ops start with the right headset
shitty active hand tele spot(check)
dedicated testing server #testingmode on
you can hear sounds from the SHUTTLE(check)
prevent round from ending with a system that checks for available antags from all necessary parties
add special spawn that makes people who didn't toggle anything spawn as ops(do)

OTHER:

This is   Alpha Xenomorph, a Alpha Xenomorph!
He has blood-stained feet!
He has a fresh skin on his upper body.
He has a pair of fresh skins on his lower body.
He has a fresh skin and what might be a small scab on his head.
He has a pair of fresh skins on his left arm.
He has a pair of fresh skins on his right arm.
He has a fresh skin on his left leg.
He has a fresh skin on his right leg.
He has what might be a fresh skin on his right hand.
He has a small scab on his left foot.
He has a ugly ripped cut on his right foot.
His right foot is dented and swollen! <-- all of that takes a long time to heal
bad_external_organs list, and change how organs heal(external)

xeno regeneration via cocoons
autorespawn system on xeno_raid(respawn time variable for game mode?
remove the nuke
parrying with eswords is shit

fix gamemode ending
fix the fucking doors


  Xenomorph Dominatrix: special ops have no money for food on their card
  Xenomorph Dominatrix: they should prob have some thing that lets them use any money-based vendor infinitely
alphas take WAY TOO MUCH burn damage

allow warping past windows
make telecode less half-assed
  Xenomorph Dominatrix: like a government backdoor
  Cherkir: couldn't I just give them a storeroom full of food
  Xenomorph Dominatrix: we'd need backpacks
  Xenomorph Dominatrix: or a jetpack that works like a backpack
  RandomColonist: Кайф.
  Xenomorph Dominatrix: or a jetpack that can be fixed to a backpack like holsters on suits
shields don't block impale
  RandomColonist: я
  Xenomorph Dominatrix: webbing I mean not holsters

You have taken over the station. You know that the humans are coming back to reclaim it. You must defend your new hive to the death!
You have taken over the station. You know that the humans are coming back to reclaim it. You must defend your new hive to the death!
You have taken over the station. You know that the humans are coming back to reclaim it. You must defend your new hive to the death! NO WE'RE ALL ALPHAS

where the hell are item states? move from items.dmi flashlight state(FUCK)

end the round when either antag is dead(do)
make xenos start evolved(check)
You sense Alpha Xenomorph. They're alive and well at Bridge Hallway!
You sense Alpha Xenomorph. They're alive and well at Bridge Hallway!
You sense Alpha Xenomorph. They're alive and well at Bridge Hallway! only 2
disable shuttle calling
check victory shit
impaaa

Alpha Xenomorph has been slain at Escape Hangar B!
Alpha Xenomorph has been slain at Escape Hangar B!
Alpha Xenomorph has been slain at Escape Hangar B! only slain once

allow opening of all airlocks(check)